i>>>>>> update_script
, World 1 -> Displays a confused smiley
2 -> Display the content 
3 -> Display the content of two files 
4 -> Display the last 10 lines 
5 -> Display the first 10 lines 
6 -> Displays the third line of the file 
7 -> Creates a file named exactly *\'"Best School"'\*$?*****:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line 8 -> Writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it 9 -> Duplicates the last line of the file 10 -> Deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders 11 -> Write a script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory. 12 -> Create a script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory. 13 -> Create a script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. 14 -> Display lines containing the pattern “root” 15 -> Display the number of lines that contain the pattern. 16 -> Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd. 17 -> Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”. 18 -> Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter. 19 -> Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively. 20 -> Create a script that removes all letters c and C from input. 21 -> Write a script that reverse its input. 22 -> Write a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users. 23 -> Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 24 -> Write a script that lists all the files with a .gif extension in the current directory and all its sub-directories. 25 -> Create a script that decodes acrostics that use the first letter of each line. 26 -> Write a script that parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.

